---
title: 001 - Industries
date: 2018-11-14 20:02:27
tags:
---

## Health, Law, U.S. Government

I noticed most of my family worked in the government.
My mom works for Department of Defense.
My uncle was a Vietnamese Veteran.

My teacher told me I was a good debator in Law class in high school.

My mom is a diabetic and colon cancer runs in the family. 

I want to work as a developer and get good healthcare for my family.
 
 I'm talking good yearly physical check ups, monthly dentist check ups, yearly colonoscopys.

 I want to get married, buy a home, raise kids in private school. Eat healthy and have them travel early. My children  getting their passport at 7 years old and I'll buy them tickets and hotels for Apple's WWDC Events and Hackathons worldwide. I know the importance of thinking outside the box and having friends worldwide. Having your child learn French in France and go to business meetings at a young age is good exposure and for life.  Their internal compass will be forever cabrilated. My kids will get their own office and laptop. Son, *plat* heres a book on C#. Bedtime at 10pm.

 Having your kids have a schedule early on.
 This means setting bedtimes, math tutors. Making your child independent. I can be gone to my co-working office at 5am. My son is up and ready to go for school his keys, hat, school shoes at 7 am and gives me a call that he locked the door and on his way out. And he's at school by 8.
 And back home, bought his own lunch. Got his own freelance projects he does online and comes home. Study and in-bed by 10.

 This is discipline. This is for leaders. I don't want the jacuzzi's and mansions.
 
  I want a mid-sized home and Be able to go to Norway for a conference on Sass Animations.
   While my kids having freelance clients at 15 years old can travel to Finland for the Europe Hackathon.
 
 raised for professionalism is modern socities. Kids that will live to see the 2090's and be young/