---
title: 005 - Product Design
date: 2018-11-20 02:24:27
tags: thought ethics
---
 Software Engineering requires thinking in things in a larger view such as environmental issues, energy and global. It involves prototyping, determining needs, seeing multiple angles and dimensions, evalution, representation. Implement this in your web application. Take this as information inside your controlled environment toolbox. 

Plus developers are confused, we wear a lot of hats. An engineer must stick to being an engineer. Solve problems, build products take on challenges.

Good characteristic of a good developer is finding solutions to problems but being committed to exploring and investigating ideas and possibilites. We're an investigator browsing Stackoverflow trying to find our problem but also checking other possibilities maybe a new ES8 syntax is 10% faster. To get to the root of human, technological or other problems and challenges ~ willing to be pragmatic is a good view to look at software

    Pragmatic ~ dealing with things sensibly and realistically in a way that is based on practical rather than theoretical considerations. "

#### "Software is not crafting. If so, it would be art. It is controlled construction."

# Engineer's Decompose
Once you have a set of components small things are easier to understand and build, once you have a set of components, in web, in back-end it can be assembled into the original thing or something completely new. Small, controllable pieces to build the entire application.

    Thanks for reading this far! I'm going to eat some chips.
    Write these down 📝, bookmark this blog 🗄 or save for reference. Thanks for reading The Utter Dev!


