---
title: Mastering Web Development.
date: 2018-12-09 18:45:56
tags:
---

Mastering web development and building products.

It has always been my goal to be incredibly good. 

I defined that good as to be able to build projects
remotely, digitally with a notepad, pen and laptop and deploy.

That means I need to know CSS, JavaScript and jQuery to create unique front-end animations.

That means I need to know how to create servers with secure APIs and integrated databases.

That means I need to know how to scale if I reach a large amount of users.

I need to make a unique design on all my applications. It's natural for me, to express my creative touch. To express my mark on this everlasting machine.

I must build and create. With the ideas that's inside my head, while they're there jot them down and build them. If my life is an everlasting array of journeys of building projects, let it be. No longer calling myself a Founder or Creator of this. But just a list of my creations I devoted my time to. They're small, these applications but miniature in a way. It's the web, interconnected and large but infront of us, It's better for me to look at it as a simple product. The web is like a product machine. Let's all dump our projects on here! What's your Address? Mines is http//thisandthat.

Back to skill. I don't need to master the entire thing. 
Just stick to one language and a few related frameworks and keep up to date on them, maintain them.

Once my skill is solid and I'm confidence in it. I can open up anywhere, LA, San Diego, Spain, Japan and code.

I'll have confidence with the applications I built over time and set aside time to maintain them.

Copying from one YouTube vlogger Casey Neistat. He used to post every. single. day. From 2015 to 2016. And the work he put in to his content seem exhausting but productive. I can see his work as a wow. Although only a 2 year span. It was hard routine, work and discipline. My 3 favorite things in life after family.

Things take time. but this was one of the best. Like this blog, a product of mine. Still in progress. I have no daily viewers or subscriber system and I don't post every single day.  It's not that big. I want a solid brand on Twitter and on Instagram. I think I need a shift in focus. But what do I want that attention for? What do I want to do with that attention? Money? Do I want to make people read my stuff about my life and do exactly? I haven't thought yet. Now I'm just pushing stuff on GitHub, sometimes posting on Instagram and Twitter trying to see a miracle change. I see similar people but I want to be different. Like a solid brand for life and just have a solid way of pushing out  content. I may post I may not but people can be notified If I do and read my content to: Be inspired, Take the information and add it to their career. 
I'm specifically targeting people who are looking to
Sit down, go full-in on webdevelopment digital lifestyle. Coding from anywhere.




