---
title: Tactics to studying web development.
date: 2018-11-09 19:22:30
tags:
---

## This is how I make sure I'm making progress.

- I learn from 2-3 CSS & HTML tutorials a day.
    They teach good stuff and I learn about how to position, transition and animate things on the
    front-end.  It's awesome in a short amount of time how I can learn so much.
- I learn from 1 ReactJS tutorial a day. I want to learn how to build with ReactJS for their component-based system and ways of communicating front-end state. I think it's an awesome way to store data on the front end and structure a webpage to make even more complex web applications than using template engines. Their normally one hour long.
-   I learn from 1 NodeJS tutorial a day. I want to learn how to build APIs use async / await , promises and different databases, Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB and creating good authentication systems, secure routes and a reliable backend for highly structured data models. Comments, video uploads & streaming, data feeds. 

From these projects, I learn a fair amount of knowledge, review the fun parts and a little research a little on stuff i didn't understand and then I'm ready to push it to GitHub for memories. This is a good way to start your morning if you are planning to be a developer, this is a solid solution that works.

 Motivation: I'm 18 and I want to spend my 20s making my work memorable online by building projects and making my work stand out. This is the ultimate time to do it as I have nothing holding me back. Nobody doesn't have to see it or pay me. I'm not an entrepreneur. Even though some say today's world it's easy. I'm a digital creator. I just build stuff to learn from them and I challenge myself. I would love to have an audience learn from my challenges.
 
 My aim is to find a job and work remotely. No freelancing.