---
title: Inspiration memo for creatives. 017
date: 2018-12-14 17:02:13
tags:
---

### If your reading this, your a creative web developer, designer, artist and tech initiator. You won't stop creating until your exhausted or tired. You have an endless amount of ideas and want to spend your life building these until you run out of things to do. You are an initivate.

The three things on my mind for develpong products is this.

1. A portfolio.
2. A documentation blog.
3. A motivation.
4. Books
You need a portfolio. It's where your work goes and the only location you can display your work and write case studies for people to see.  It is where your work lays for years and years of accumulating sweat and tears. It is where you display your curves and shadows. It won't showcase your best work but if you follow rules where you can have a consistent flow of your voice and prescence you will be respected and people will bookmark your website and contact you when they need help with their product or recommend you to a colleague.

You need a motivation. I, don't necessairly care about being paid for work, I love what I do . I do not need cash to be paid. I am fine with 50k a year in a high rise studio apartment with WiFi and Internet and a couple of business books. Books are there to gain you knowledge. Books are intangible billion dollar worth of information on the internet for sale for the price of lunch. In fact in my perspective, we're all rich. All the buildings, companies we buy from our millionaires. Doesn't that make us millionaires? You need a motivation to work every single day and study every single day. There is not one day I don't take out my NoteBook and browse curated Medium articles about Product Design,  API Design or proffesional concepts. It is free knowledge for $5/month. And re-read it. Studying is my passion. Learning is my passion. Building and researching is my passion. Discovering new technologies and being high on the world through the internet is my passion.

A documentation blog. You need a documentation blog to count down over time. Time will go by fast as fuck. All the knowledge in your notebook, keep and save but online, you want to share that knowledge because what you dont share, you don't keep. It's serious.
Show and share your work. People will come across your work and find what's interesting to them. People see what they want to see. Some people will see you as a developer, another will see you as writer. Put out content to share what you love learning about and people will enjoy it, some person on this 1.7 billion planet will see it, come across it , save it. Even though blogs are so 2000s. Keep it for 3+ years? Post daily, share everyday. Have a moderate income? Buy ads on Facebook for a 1,000 the cost of a dentist appointment to get a good 900 views from people in California.

Books. Books are what give us knowledge. Learn from other people's failures and get the knowledge you need to launch your business. Learn the tactics about channel funneling, how Amazon disabled their User Generated Content Paid Scheme and How Netflix retained it's users with Product Designers , read about several online business strategies and development so you can create your own stuff with out a hint.

Send me an email @ tyresedev@gmail.com