---
title: Career thinking as a utter developer.
date: 2018-12-14 19:46:16
tags:
---

## As un Utter Dev
You utterly do things your way. 
You need to have walls in-tack in case you mess up.

## Enjoyment
Work in different locations but I don't need to take a snapshot or record myself there.

## Network.
You are a professional. Chat with others and get their information and build a project your passionate about.
You need insurance, things settled and planned in case the worse goes wrong then forget about it happens.

My mentor always told me make sure I save my files on a seperate hard drive just incase I lose my files or something goes wrong.

So how do you do it? You must have a hard drive, have your documented work, document your reciepts, document your wardrobe and clothes and keep a hold on what you own and what you have. Know what you buy and what you'll need to do the best work, be in best shape for the next decade. Mentally, Physically and Spiritually. 

Doing all of this is overboard, just do it once every week and forget about it. Like makesure you save cash and know everything.

I know some people who buy new phones, new computers and gear every year or week. I follow the rule of repairing and keeping what you have.
Keep what you own, safe and secured and take good care of it and repair or modify it if you want to extend its functionality.
Do things cheaply and minimally. This means, if you want a new pack of pens, get them from your Aunt's house drawer instead of going to Staples for $14.99.

## Eat good. Do good.
Just grab a bag of spinach, orange juice, mushrooms , beet juice and fruits to clean your colon and guts. And go for a run every week to just be healthy. Your job and time is crucial.


## Avoid risks at all costs.
I don't want anything appending me from working nothing mentally, physically or virtually. So I won't get involved in anything that will have a slight chance of stopping me from doing that.
I know I code. I won't go bungee jumping or on a ski resort that may risk me breaking a bone, slipping my hip, my wrist, etc. You wan't to be solid as a table. Stay in one space and be comfortable. Write a few paragraphs of what's on your mind each day and take yourself for a walk, a jog or to a new location if you want. This is how you become enabled.
