---
title: Advanced Redux Patterns
date: 2019-01-15 11:49:18
tags: redux patterns react javascript
---

Learn new terms to define your flow. 


## CQS - Command Query Seperation
"Every method should either be a command that performs an action or a query that returns data to the caller."

"Asking a question should not change the answer."

### Commands
    Change state of a system but not return value.
### Queries
    Return a result and do not change the observable state of the system.

Learn these terms to open your mind in Redux

### Command
    Invoke a procedure, one handler, expect a reply.
    No immediate return usually one handler for this specific command.

## Filtering
    We care about one action. Example could be an if state on the action.type property.

## Mapping
    If action.type equals a specific command, and another property of that action , action.meta.force is a boolean set to true we call another action based on content

## Splitting
    Decouple reducers from actions. Decouple your moving parts in your app. Targeting different actions to different reducers. API request is targeting another reducer. Targeting different reducers that have one responsibility. This should do this and split to other. Use this term.
# Transform Patterns

## Enricher 
    Component shouldn't be responsible for adding new property to an action. Middleware takes this original action and adds an ID. And the component doesn't know about. Do it right here. Not on your presentations. 

## Normalizer
    Flatten the structure and dispatch another action (a new) optimized structure for our state. Normalize your information for input to another function. Making your data pure.
## Translate
    SHOW_POST && HIDE_POST  
    are declarative commands
    but there going to call the same function anyways. 
