---
title: Functional Programming
date: 2019-01-16 23:24:20
tags: functional-programming
---

# Functional Programming or FP is the process of building software by composing pure functions.

A pure function, exempt of side effects. Sometimes these are necessary but are not pure functions


## Mutation 
    Modifying arguments that's passed in. Mutates given array.

    function pop(arr) {
        return arr.splice(0,1);
    }
    /* 
        Operating on the same reference to the same array. Modified it. If I call pop on the same array multiple times. It's going to return a different result. Other things dealing with that array won't be able to change it down the road. If you add other methods to it.
    */
## Shared state
        let i = 0;
        function inc() {
            return i++;
        }
        /* 
            These could be called in any order anot know what to return. Not pure.
        */
## Async code
        We have to hit servers but it's not good for data transformation we dont know when this code will be updated. Exclude it.
## Declarative
    Describes what it does.
        function ReactComp({ counter}) {
            return <span> {counter} </span>
        }
## Imperative 
    code describes how it does it.
# Functional Concepts

## Seperation
    If you try to perform effects and logic at the same time, you may create hidden side effects which cause bugs in the logic, keep functions small . Do one thing at a time, do it well.
## Composition
    Plan for composition.
    Write functions whose outputs will naturally work as inputs to many other functions. Keep functions signatures as simple as possible.
## Immutability
    The true constant is change. Mutation hides change! Hidden change manifests chaos. Therefire the wise embrace history.
## Memoization 
    An optimization technique used primairly to speed up computer programs by storing the results of expensive function calls and returning the cached result.

- Make our code more readable.
- Make our code easier to reason about.
- Make our code easier to test.
- Make our users happier.