---
title: GraphQL - Is it better than REST?
date: 2019-01-18 19:37:55
tags:
---

GraphQL is a query language for your API. It makes REST disappear. 
You create your own schema , ways of modifying it and other types nested in that schema. You create the query's to be made on that schema and you can add any external resource to it for fetching data. May that be another API, MongoDB, Postgres or MySQL.

REST is a software architectural style that defines a set of
constraints to be used for creating web services. Web servers that conform to the REST architectural style, termed RESTful web services, provide interoperability between computer systems on the Internet. Using resource methods to HTTP GET/PUT/POST/DELETE and capturing parameters and arguments. You can create your control parts of your API REST wouldn't offer and have more control over the resources you access.
Will you still use REST after learning about GraphQL.

### This is an example of a ObjectType of a Schema

    const BookType = new GraphQLObjectType({
    name: 'Book',
    fields: () => ({
        id: { type: GraphQLString },
        name: { type: GraphQLString },
        genre: { type: GraphQLString },
        author: {
            type: AuthorType,
            resolve(parent, args) {
                console.log(parent);
                //return _.find(authors, { id: parent.authorid});
                return Author.findById(parent.authorId);
            }
        }
    })
})


### module.exports is this:
    module.exports = new GraphQLSchema({ 
        query: RootQuery,
        mutation: AddMutation
    })