---
title: API Frameworks Loopback vs Restify or manual express setup.
date: 2019-01-19 17:33:16
tags:
---
LoopBack provides a graphical tool with a built-in API Micro Gateway and a Command-Line CLI Setup & Management. The constant setup your used to with Express and Body-parser can be written with LoopBack. It's like create-react-app but for APIs

- Quickly create dynamic end-to-end REST APIs
- Connect devices and browsers to data and services
- Add on components for file mgmnt, 3rd party login and auth.

You can create an API in a few minutes and integrate your database setup in minutes. 
No need to import and wait for your npm modules to install. Just run the CLI and modify config files.

## Application 
Central class for setting up all your module's components, controllers servers and bindings. The Application cass extends Context and provides the controls for starting and stopping associated servers.

## Server 
Same implementation for inbound transports/protocols such as REST(http, https) gRPC(http2) and graphQL It listens on a specific endpoint port and handlees incoming request and returns appropiate responses.

## Context
An abstraction of states and dependencies that Loopback uses to manage everything ( configs, state, dependencies )

## Binding: An abstraction of items managed by a context. Each binding has a unique key within the context and a value to resolve the key to a value..

## Controller
A class that implements operations defined by the application's REST API. The Business Logic acts as a bridge between the HTTP/REST database models. A controller operates only on processed input and abstractions of backend services / databses/

## Route
the mapping between your API specification and an Operation. It tells LoopBack which Operation to invoke() when given an HTTP request.

It's not better than GraphQL but it's a faster and simpler setup than ExpressJs and body parser. At first glance, I thought it was something related to nginx and on the far hositng side of the application like with DigitalOcean but it's a framework focused on APIs and has a open approach to hosting and server side code. It offers a Graphical UI to see your API after creating it with the CLI.

### It gives you foresight of your application.

It's awesome and I've used it a couple of times and the GUI is interactive I get to test my models with JSON right in the browser and expact a live response! In Expressjs I would have to console.log the response body to get a sight of my sever, but Loopback offers a clear view of your API. It creates CRUD routes right out of the box!

# Restify
"The future of Node.js REST development"

## Restify is a web service frameowrk for building semantically correct RESTful web services ready for production use at scale. Restify optimizes for introspection and performance

## Semantically-correct
Restify comes out of the box with built-in errors.. 
It comes with built-in errors so no need to install express-flash or do some external code routing which is fun to use and helps out alot you just access the restify-errors module. 


## Community code
It's community driven and they have a supported jwt-community module for jwt authentication.

## Routing 
Routing is pretty much identical to express. It may promote the usage of error handling and async/await features. It's more useful if you want to upgrade your API building chips. Not yet for Loopback but just so you can have some lower abstract control.
