---
title: REST API Design Basics
date: 2019-01-20 20:27:56
tags:
---

# Bssic principles of REST API Design


# Use API versioning

If your making an API for a client service, youre going to want to prepare yourself for eventual changes providing a version namespace for your service.
    GET
        myservice.com/api/v1/posts
        or
        api.myservice.com/v1/posts


# CORS Awareness
Considering that when placing your API into a diffeerent subdomain such as api.myservice.com
will require implementing CORS for your backend if you plan to host your front-end site at www.myservice.com and expect to use AJAX without throwing No-Access-Control-Allow-Origin-Headers errors.

# Use Plurals
It makes semantic sense when your request many posts frm /posts,
don't consider /post/all with /post/:id Plurals are consistent and make sense.
    /posts
    /posts/:id

    not
    /post/all
    /post/:id

# Avoid Unnecessary Query strings.
Query string should be used for further filtering results beyond the initial grouping of a logical set offered by a relationship. Design endpoint paths that avoid unnecessary query string parameters as they are generally harder to read and to work with.

    /projects/:id/collections
    
    // not
    /collections?projectId=:id and
    /projects/:idcollections/:id/items?
Avoid operations on nested routes.

# HTTP methods
 ## GET for fetching data.
 ## POST for adding data.
 ## PATCH for updating data with partial information for the object.
 ## PUT for updating data as a whole object.
 ## DELETE for deleting data.

 ## PATCH Extensive 
 PATCH is a great way to cut down the size of requests to change parts of bigger objects, fits well with commonly implemented auto-submit/auto-save fields. Tumblr's Dashboard Settings non-critical options about the user experience of the service can be edited and saved, per item, without
 the need of a final form submission on button. Organic way to interact
 with the user's preference data.
 "Saved tag" appears and then disappears shortly
 after modifying the option.

 #### Good practice
 return the updated object in response to a 
 successful POST, PUT or PATCH request instead of null.


 # Use Envelopes. 
 Enveloped data is more secure. So just do it.
 Providing an extra key for accessing your data allows for reliably checking if anything was actually returned, if not, may refer to a non-building error key seperate from the body of a response. Unlike some languages such as JavaScript
 will evaluate empty objects as true Hence it is important to not return an empty object to error as part of a response in the case.
    const { data, errors } = response.data;

# Media Types - JSON! 
Everything should be serialized into JSON. If you're expecting JSON from the server. Be polite and provide the server with JSON consistency. 

- Define your media types through header on both responses and requests for a RESTful API
- Support the 204 - No Content response status code in cases where the request was success but has no content to return.
- The envelope of the response, coupled with a 2xx HTTP success code is enough to indicate a successful response without arbitrary infromation.


# HTTP Status Codes
Codes are much easier to read at a glance.

### 400 - Request information is incomplete or malformed, (email field is missing)
### 422 - Requested information is okay, but invalid. (Password is too short, email isn't a valid email)
### 404 - When everything is okay, but resource doesn't exist. 
### 409 - When everything is okay but resource doesn't exist.

## Auth Errors
### 401 - An access_token isn't provided or is invalid.

### 403 - access_token is valid, requires more privilges.
## For Standard Statuses,
### 200 - Everything Ok!
### 204 - Everything ok! but there's no content to return.
### 500 - Server throws an error, completely unexpected.

# API Methods
APIS should be able to provide functionality to our requesting clients. Basic functionality.
Sorting, Filtering , Searching and Pagination.

# Example Error:

    {
        "error": {
            "status": 400,
            "error": "EMAIL ALREADY EXISTS",
            "description": "An account already exisitng"
        }
    }
- This way your fetch logic watches out for non-200 errors, and can then straight-up check the error key from the response and then compare it to any further logic in the client app,

- Description acts as a fallback human-readable
error message in the case an appropiate localisation string implementation cannot be used.


:)