---
title: CSS3 Animations & Transitions and Transforms.
date: 2019-01-26 01:32:07
tags:
---

A powerful way to enhance and delight user experiences. Animations are a great way to provide feedback through visually delightful moments and memorable interactions. Animations should enhance the user experience and not be distracting. Animations should be consistent with subtle and simple movements.

## Transitions
    Are the foundation of animations because they specify the duration of an element changing it's state smoothly
    over time. Without a transition this state would change abruptly and take effect immediately.
    - Use transitions when using transforms in order to produce a smooth and gradual animation.

    ### transition-propery
        - Specify the property to be transitioned. Apply a transition to an individual property like the border color or to
        all the properties be specifying all.
    ### transition-timing-function
        - specifies the timing function speed of the transition over the duration. By default, the timing is set to ease.
            - Other pre-defined timing-function values include linear, ease-in, ease-out, step-start and step-end.
            - Create a custom speed by inserting your own into the cubic bezier curve.
    ### transition-delay
        - Specifies when the transition will start. By default the transition will start as soon as the state change on the element is triggered.

## Transforms 
    Transforms allow to move or change appearance of an element over a 2D plane.
    - Use transforms with transitions in order to produce a smooth animation.
    TRIGGERED: when an element changes state, such as on a hover.

    - transform-origin is seperate from the transform property, to specify the location origin
    of the transform.

## Rotate
    Rotate transform rotates on element clockwise or counter clockwise by a specified number of degrees(deg).
    A positive value will rotate the element clockwise. And a negative value (-100deg)
    will rotate the element counter clockwise.
        element {
                transition: transform 1s ease-in-out
        }
        element:hover {
            transform: rotate(90deg);
            transform: rotate(-30deg);
        }

## Skew 
    Skew transformation tilts an element based on values provided on the X and Y axis.
    ## A positive X value tilts the element left, while a negative Y value tilts it up.
    If an axis isn't specified and only skew is stated then that is equivalent to SkewX
        element {
            transition: transform 0.3s ease;
        }
        element:hover {
            transform: skew(90deg);
            transform: skewX(90deg);
            transform: skewY(-50deg);
            transform: skew(90deg, -50deg);
        }
## Scale
    This transformation increases or decreases the size of an element. A number larger than 1 will increase the size and a decimal less than 1 will decrease the size of the element. 2, would make the element twice it's original size. The size of an elemnt can be scaled by the X-axis,Y-axis or both. Shorthand scale () will effect boft axes at same time.
        element {
            transition: transform 1s ease;
        }
        element:hover {
            transform: scaleX(0.5);
            transform: scaleY(2);
            transform: scale(0.5);
            transform: scale(0.5, 2);
        }
## Translate
    Moves an element right, LEFT, UP OR DOWN. Like video game controls.
    A positive X value moves the element to the right and a negative X value moves the element to the left.
    A positive Y value moves the element downwards and a negaitve Y value moves the element upwards
        element {
            transition: transform 0.5s linear;
        }
        element:hover {
            transform: translateX(15px);
            transform: translateY(50px);
            transform: translate(15px, -40px);
        }