---
title: My Laxyness and Why I persevere to work.
date: 2019-01-26 22:22:21
tags:
---

I've been really lazy and down with energy for the past couple of days. I can't seem to code like I used too and have little excitemenent to do any projects. I dont feel well mentally and think I need to break for a couple of days or even a week and just relax, watch movies and eat. Right now, I'm feeling I want to only do computer work with my life and I feel completely worn, exhausted and tired and I just want to put work down and sleep. Sorry for not posting for the next couple of days I'll try to chill and hopefully an idea will arise, the light will shine and i'll get my energy back.

 I feel like Charles Bukowski
 I've listening to a lot of trap music and maybe that's having an effect on me. I lost the sight of pleasure , like I don't feel good emotions (happy, satisfaction, proud, integrity). I feel down on my self for not landing a job at the companies I've been interviewing. I run this blog myself and there's no friends to write with or live code together or enjoy time with together it's just me passionately smiling and bashing on the keyboard and that knocks at me sometimes. Sometimes I feel I want to disappear and go somewhere and start all over. It wouldn't be fun that way though and very chaotic. There's so much going on in the world and a lot of activites, people and identities. And we're all temporary alive. I have a toothache and I can't afford to get a filling and It's really distracting on me mentally. I can't even think properly with pain in my mouth. I hope to get a job and with my first paycheck get my teeth filled so I can code pain free. And this mentality is blocking everything. 

 How can I focus on building a project when, i get a sharp pain in my tooth and I get thought of oh I need salt water, etc to make the pain go away. But in doing that I have to turn on the stove, wait till the water is hot, pause my video and coding sprint. If I eat something, I have to stand still and endure the pain of eating, wash my mouth of any sugars, food. Wait for 30 minutes then brush, floss, mouth wash. and don't eat nothing after. And I have to do this everyday until I get my teeth filled but It's not like it's rotten and have brown spots or I can't smile. I just have sensitivity to hot and cold and its small cavities that might need a root canal if it, you know, touches the nerve. So I'm just persevering. All this is really stressing me out when hey, I'm a professional. Other professionals don't suffer from toothaces they get it fixed. And I'm looked at as a guy that has a good path but I'm in pain!


