---
title: Web app advantages. 
date: 2019-01-27 23:52:32
tags:
---

A billion dollar web app must be used by expensive devices in a expensive market. Expect your app to be used by expensive devices.
Users access the system of a uniform environment - the web browser. While the user interaction with the applications needs to be thoroughly tested on different web browsers, the application itself needs only be developed for a single operating system.

There is no need to develop and test it on all operating systems versions and configurations. This makes development much faster and easier and troubleshooting much easier.

## Accessible
    Web systems are accessible anytime, anywhere and via any PC with an internet connection. Puts the user firmly in-charge.

## Cost - Effective
A web app solution will function across all platforms you don't need a seperate operating system like Mac, Windows.

## Immediacy
    Web apps are instantly available, no downloading and installing required.

## Compatibility
    Web apps use the smartphone browser and are compatible across all devices.

## Easy Customization
    Easy customization of content is served from a central server updates of content to be processed in quickly and easily.
    Further extends the user's ability to receive and interact with information in a way that suits them. Up to date information is always at the fingertips of the people who need it.

## Security
    As web apps are hosted in a server environment, security is much easier to cover on
    
## Easier installation and maintenance. 
    Once a new version or upgrade is installed on the host server all users can access it straight away.
