---
title: Drives Human Behavior in Users
date: 2019-02-21 18:00:13
tags:
---

What drives people to utilize your product?
Come with me as I show you how to delve deep into
user's emotions and manipulation for your product.

## Desire for pleasure and/or avoidance of pain,
    e.g. use of TV ads act as a motivation based on pleasure for certain demographics.

## Desire for hope and/or
    avoidance of fear, e.g. Barack Obama's 2008
    presidential election campaign used the plank of hope to great success.

## Desire for social acceptance and/or avoidance of
    rejection, e.g. showing friends shown for a sports team in a budweiser ad makes people identify the product.

It's funny but these products or shall I say ours are like painkillers, vitamins. As the product relieves these negative emotions repeatedly, our mind subconciously begins to associate it with this relief.

This gradually strengthens the bond with a product resulting in the formation of a habit, e.g. our perfume, or Facebook and Twitter for instant social connection.

## We're designing habits now 👓.

Designing a habit-forming product requires an understanding of the emotions that are tied to these emotional triggers and knowledge of how external triggers can be used effectively to urge a user to perform a certain field.

Habits much like pearls, need a foundation and layer upon layer of continued behavior change to be completely formed. Triggers are the  cue or the foundation for this behavior change you understand?

Triggers come in two forms

## External triggers
    Bits of information from user's surroundings
    that prompt them to perform an action.

    -  Paid triggers channels like advertising that capture attention, but are to expensive for the long run.

    - Earned triggers continued media prescnece like viral video and press mentions which can be difficult to sustain for any product.

    - Relationship triggers come from engaged users who enthusiastically share information with other potential users.

    - Owned triggers most useful, as these employ tacit permission from users to send triggers like app updates and periodic notifications iinto their personal space.

## Internal triggers
    For a product to truly become a habit, it's triggers need to move from external forms to the internal. 
    Internal triggers are driven by users emotions like boredom and loneliness are powerful triggers for using a particular product.

    Many habit-forming products start off as vitamins but with repeated use, turn into painkillers that satisfy the itch to use them


    Vitamins are products that do not solve an obvious problem, but feel nice to have, while pain killers are products that cater to a very obvious need.

